[Music]
[Applause]
so I don't know if I'm already screaming
here can somebody go to a youtube link
and check if it works so it's you just
have a watch ? we its work yeah he said
we don't know what this is it's actually
which is that fun yep I'm back ok it
works hello welcome to do it so can you
try typing this yeah
oh why should the signal boxes I kind of
us always fun yes oh it's actually have
a faster rate is okay you should then so
you see there's a little delayed but
that's good okay okay you want to stand
here on yeah how our position is
computer so that everybody ready and we
go about things they all right now okay
[Music]
you pick the thing you destroy this all
right and how many people are 33 people
phone hello people
okay little back there we go that's cool
okay um hello people that I don't know
who are watching this will be a very
very fast introduction to what I PFS is
how it works what the layering is what
the model is and then we'll dive into
formats and linking and how it might
work with etherium and so on cool and
then really whatever people want to
discuss i'm down to talk about anything
you can draw thanks if people want to
demo cool stuff as well I'd be great I
know Chris class like this really cool
data structure that he made the I start
with this because it's like a web
started over here in the notion of being
completely distributed in here and it
totally moved towards the center
lessening and I think well every event
me to go back to being much more
distributed but the key problem is that
everything is location address finish to
be and moving to content depressing is
what helps remove that issue and it's
not just come to addressing mixed
conversing and identity a different
meaning that you can address something
by the identity that created it so the
Asheville okie and so on hey bro anyone
need me to explain confident wrestle no
awesome so we can like just go through
all of this we'll just like skip through
that great um so basically you have pats
and I PFS would look like that where you
have a go hey this doesn't necessarily
do median asking me something else we
have some cream name is vulgar this is
Alexis that appeared after the half full
public key and then I'm at a hash of the
pond all right so you have a URL that
has resonated on content
it's off and this is a work retreat so
the content that you actually from hash
gives you an object's it has legs that
are also Merkel links that link to other
effects and when you that way even
perverse a graph is a graph I could
easily be just as easily access
something like by the hash of food and
then go have a food / bar / mats for
like really little away just flat abs /
the hatchet this last part is that kind
of you know where you stored up the
information of the path so the path is
in the actual object so let me sink into
that in a moment so yeah skip this
burger return to this village so the
model but if s has two things one is the
Merkel lab or really work need to find a
good name for it but it's this notion of
linking all content with within our
culture and it hasn't because notes I
because notes just processes that move
around content running yagnik bus
protocol so these are designed to be
truly limitless so there's no decision
that we've made that blocks out any kind
of platform architecture anything for
many months protocol so you can see it
embedded into my various small low power
devices you can see it competitive to
you know the things you could see an
embedded into applications that are
running even skin embedded into web
applications running in JavaScript and
so the whole point is to make that as
the player was possible in the same way
that HTTP is as the point was possible
right you can basically do an executor
request from almost anything and we need
that level of Unicode any questions on
that that usually raises a lot of
questions about learning transports and
rally so on yeah I don't want to really
good yeah I'll go I'll go back to that
running running is a big deal I say to
the person who
so confident programs and so the content
is this huge raff where all of the edges
are Merkel inks meaning a hash of the
country and so it looks like that's
right so you have a fashion and you
might have these this little table and
here we have three different objects
we're looking into three hours the first
no to ask Olivia and it has three weeks
the very first card is a hash the second
priority is a size that size is the
cumulative size of college of all the
children on da hah this is useful
replication because that way you can
know how much you're about to catch and
the last part of me and that's meant to
be human readable and displayable in
both eunuchs and one so that is an
explosive choice to make sure that all
the stuff can be mounted both in the
file system of a regular computer today
and on the web as it is today without
any modification that is in much bigger
deal than people I guess able to realize
because tons of systems out there
creating universes of stuff that isn't
easily expressed on the web or the
fastest own and if you don't have both
then you've now sacrifice and created
this rift you've deep in the rift
between units in the book cool and so
the second office here has a link and
some data right so one appointed to
through the fooling stay and 2 points 2
3 through is fifth rank and the last one
has come together vanilla so it's leave
Strayhorn little orange one is lived the
orange one so let's let's resolve real
quick right so it's composed of the
hatch of the waffle onyx qmw whatever so
if we result / ffs / QMI w98 we get one
if we resolve that / food we get to if
we resolve that / bars we get through
this
cute MW nine th pulls out one and then
under that remote bar until we agree
that quick and why is far the orange one
so when we are some sort of an idiom w
yes we can try to this hat and this hash
pulls out we assume we assume that this
hatchet is one so we pull up one and
under it we look at far and so we look
at one and look at its water and then
that link is a sure there is wood
follada yeah but it's clue and what's up
the qme tqm is blue oh so now this is
this is SL length from to all right so
we'll 100.3 so that's why you and meet
you it's just a link it's not the
concept right it's just fun so this is
why is yeah i'll talk about that in a
second but you get bar right so you can
also result 3 / fools left it may be
visiting it / food we when we pull that
one we go down foo edge 22 and their BS
or bit which is the only link and we
gave three time it this is like just
standard muscle some resolution but it's
done with Merkel links which means that
you can but the entire beta frontiersmen
but it cool and these objects notice a
servant have to be like this feeling a
directory right like navigating the
mercury so the number one thing like a
record because it has links and names
and I'm like an inode or up a flea and
number three feels our filings and Zeta
but two is somewhere between it has
wealth length and some data and the
realization there is that perhaps
directories and files could be the same
thing as the web points out in the web
you have a path name and a path name
could be both content
you can have comfortable day right so if
you go to example.com / boo that can be
a web page and itself could be you can
have another web page at examiner.com /
/ / bar and india there is a every
single path could be resolvable for its
data and at the same time have links to
keeper thanks we'll use dude its
enormous possible because you can model
anything then you can't map that to file
system inequality you can't map
everything to the palace of that way no
so some things you'll have to make some
compromises on and how you express as a
processor but once you distribute it to
right link system you can visit it just
the host any website browsing through
like a normal website yep and this runs
over HTTP on so we happen to usually
should be server lovely locusts but it
runs on it we have our own transport
which is thats Sarah in a sense I think
as I said data structure transport it is
a portable design to move around this
merkel linked data structure and the
additional layer of immutable names that
i have discussed yet cool with any other
question support I'm trying to have a
place about all of this and I don't want
to lose anybody but your point you you
can model unix files and records a lot
of this button as you point it out if
you go into the system you can't can
record and you can traverse a lot right
the way we get around that is that it we
got other two links one way is that the
very core data structure is a very
flexible substrate and you can use to
build other data structures for example
like a UNIX files and records so you
could take it one of these nodes and put
only links in it and no data and call it
a directory or you could put data in it
no links and call a eunuch spot and so
you can map a regular units passes them
on to this you could go further and say
a quick look at ID if you can to give a
big file and chuck it into a whole bunch
pieces and create a whole bunch of set
up different nodes and let the file the
patent action of all the data but then
not now we're talking about like a
different mountain right so the way we
get around that is that you can one way
is to mount you could amount to file
systems one which just gives you access
to the raw data healthy objects which in
this case would like the raw description
of the links and the data and everything
will be about another option will be to
define on each object what it means for
it to have data in in the case of the
universal sense we do this sort of a hat
with where we create a big chef recalled
units of us that has files and records
that expose enormous semantics that
people might be familiar with in terms
of directories our list of all files are
category but the other one is good is
that sort of aggressive wait this isn't
it is any gay and annoying thing we have
to deal with because some things aren't
as easily mountable into the fossil
stone you have to do some hacks like
perhaps express you so the way the web
does it is that the web says that the
index.html file is the content of the
director sort of it has like this weird
back so we can do things like that to
what also doesn't expose way to list it
directly to decline not a standard
directory listing um like in the very
beginning there was more likely to
generate a listening all the files
inside of it but then no one way because
that's yeah you don't want just a list
ratifies but we can do things like that
in the faster so when we mount we get to
defiant special objects for example that
might represent the day definite
especially me Rosa dot data first at
that point you're shooting yourself in
the foot because you might want to use
that names or something else so to be
careful of lemon that is available to us
if we need it but you you don't just
represent the evenings files and records
you can represent anything right look
you can represent gay it is the same
thing is just a flaw which is data have
a tree which is a directory we have a
commit object anticipa-- those things
but it has both links and data but you
can create objects online class that
represents each one of those things and
you now get writing on them gave us so
for each one of the get objects you
would have if you run a name or connect
that will import all of the objects and
all because and it was going wrap all of
them with the I because they literally
yeah coexist America yep young ladies of
optional content I mean these are hanger
I guess treat common file using this
timing is a really hard question does
the client reading this just soon yeah
so for now the way we've gotten away
with it so far is that when you receive
a hash you can do two things one you can
look at it a try to start value and the
other is you are given it in a context
and because you're giving it in context
you assume additional service on both of
the night of this video and we are going
to find a solid tight typing thought ism
it's just that that is one of those
decisions that is so hard to make right
that we want to really think carefully
about us it looks like what we'll
probably do make change your mind
tomorrow looks like it would probably do
is follow something what Jason LD does
so the Semantic Web is is awesome with
amazing thing that emergency i want
people can
with it's extremely hot however it has a
set of problems including formats that
people only use and it has like latency
and manner all models because when you
look at standards and have to get up
today whether you to run like a sparkle
query through something you have to
touch tons of different machines right
so it isn't being pretty slow and then
people try to work around that with a
very various acts but it's not all
properly and committed and it's kind of
events for the most wonderful sort of
works I mean you should really don't see
like major websites do it right now
we're associated with facebook doing
open graph because they want to own up
on a lot information okay yeah and the
Google knowledge graph which is both of
them both of these are like corporate
moves to make the Semantic Web in a
house because they realize how valuable
it is to do that and they said oh my god
we have to make this it's going to be
amazing and we're going to hold it all
and we're going to let people there's
all queries over it but that's it I'm
none of it is actually available really
there's some substances are available so
if you I recently found out of some
substance of Facebook are actually
available in that will give you an RTF
or turtle turtle and you can sort of
claim that it's open right uh but
several problems have been solved in
another book world one of them is the
format's thing so recently jjom LD is
this really nice far as I said keep your
IDs we have them use JSON because you
like it and it's nice you already built
that way add one key that points to a
fun text file and now you have a
full-powered static web so really I was
looking and not alone the movie night is
going is the latency bandwidth very
problem because if we make all these
specs content addressable then we can
just pull them in bundle them and
deliver and more more so if they get
signed right so when you give a link
data application to somebody it would
carry it with it all aspects that
there's no
extra phones here so this might be an
interesting directly but I have to say
it always with saying we're going to go
look like this route because it usually
is like a mountain of troubles and it
does give you a lot of color but it is
difficult but it seems like edition of
the route is pretty safe so we'll
probably I think that way oh yeah this
is that kind of elucidate like the
decision-making here cool any other
questions i'm typing or these subjects
who you can also do watching straight we
can take a big data structure like
watching and lots of transactions in the
wall it's a song and model it does this
huge burger back because it is and it's
comported in 12 a of us and once your
important check with us has anything who
around in CF overconfident viewed
through the same set of tools that we're
making and i'll show you some of those
and so you can model key value stores
you can not all like pretty much
anything you can model databases that
are sort of open racer today in the web
when you have all these front of faces
and websites that you talk to and the
website has this big database over but
behind the scenes and i believe has
allows you to just flip that and put the
data outside and just computer within
itself so you can have code in your
client that it's manipulating the data
and if you use things like see how
meetings let's mix in law sets because
then you can do convergent changes to
data and you can that means you can do
offline web sites i said so if the
vision here is going from a world where
you have these monolithic websites that
give you sort of like a storefront and
you ask them into that to a world with
the actual web not made of applications
that have
usage but rather the entire web delivers
a web app k look to your machine and
you're running cash it forever you can
be disconnected from the backbone and
run or you can run it with Pierce
locally like I said so that's where
we're headed and we'll actually have a
lot of that working we already liver the
webui front end or I PFS is an
application like this and you get
continues to run out when you're offline
cool so yeah here's where like explain
that howl unison else thing works these
paths I kind of went over this but just
to give you a quick notion of resolution
the blue link well gates pulling out
wait like I'm access here's you how you
would models lon chaney where you have
like some block you have a carrot cash
that voice would expand point to
something like transactions perhaps in
public so number he thinks Annapolis for
life and all of these operators would be
thrown out today the what now which
means that other things that are not
blocked change could point to them right
so you can have you git commit that says
as you know this thing fixes some bug as
was shown in connection whatever and
they would make a link to the now you
have the two destroyers night or
likewise here you have like I am game so
on so because of commits block and you
will link to the applicant and I dream
has to understand how the entire theater
it's linked and move those objects
around together another example is if
you had a chat application and your
messaging and you include a link to an
image that is that give us that that
chat message would include the
attachment of an image and so you could
decide when your rubber hitting the feed
leathers rubber be Justin that's just
for the entire content and so when
you're yeah your occupational just
downloads are making passes good right
what's going to dislike the video and
watching on there
no score fans actually explore the
entire history of transactions from
Winans at transaction minted but not
little waffle you can put the kibosh I
mean you you couldn't do that okay we
also just using activist yeah yeah
structure you get the path back to the
point yep yeah you would have in this
North half way yeah and you can even if
you don't want to express this massive
what path you get just pull out the
Arctic cyclone there's also and explore
the graph and yes and then you get the
power then linking that to other data
structures that are around that may not
be able to state system which is each
other questions on them not who Merkel
died because it makes it happens great
um think and the other thing to talk
about would be routing if your things
important a little bit but just real
good weight and I think that's node has
a ballpark eat better and I so it has
sports bar bag moves it around your our
server or medications and/or character
my works and so right Rena so a lot of
this design points out that when you
actually want to move around the content
and exchange possible other peers you
have to answer two questions one is
where is it on and once you receive
identities of people that have a content
is how do I get in customers people so
the joint HD salsas problem right you
take an info cash and resolve it to a
torrent but
group of people that has a hash the
lavatory and then you find the address
those people in the next load and now
you can start with look at all those two
questions are fundamental to both
performance and privacy because how you
make those accesses is with it defines
whether or not your transaction is
actually going to be fast or going to be
secure okay because you might off to say
I just want this content right now and I
don't care who knows about me requesting
its content and I could be pulling it
from another computer in the same room
and ideally like that will happen and in
that case you might be fine advertising
to the rest of the local network that
you want but that is a trade-off in hex
like you have now telenet where some of
which I know that you're looking for
stocky spot on the Congress serve some
content you may not want to publicly
address your programming right if you
are part of like a the Egyptian rebel
group and you're moving around important
information where they're located or
whatever you don't want to just
broadcast to your mobile network or
whatever the occasion of it stinkses so
how you how you talk to other nodes is
what defines how you should pull in the
content and head has strong bearing on
the guarantees both performance and
practice and so we sink all those
problems into the choice of practices
and so a standard default of a choice
ground system will be ADHD but that has
travis promised you don't want to just
surround things maybe achieve that has
price implications you could do
something even more high performance
like to locally in sm you do that we you
can advertise and pull in content from
the global network but that also have
some drops on the other side of that
route 11-50 poor or even you know not
even know who passed web content but
rather do varies for content and we
treat them through
through relays without ever knowing
exactly who is giving you the thing and
that is quite a sorcerer ring but it's
not going to be very fast and so
people's web usage usually falls into
these two types of buckets where
sometimes we want your minecraft game
you go really really fast and sometimes
we want your private email to look eat
broadcast or if not people not know we
are messing with a lot right that sort
of drive well people's notions of
traffic usually everyone immediately
like my god like this is that so yeah
which is a grub thing so right now we
have an aide could ever be HD and have
little yes look at this will halfway
there and that it helps boots talk to
other people but it doesn't yet you
don't yet new commercial product or you
have black in that would be ideal for
when you're able to pull 100 people like
that would be brilliant just discarded
by when you say you mean yes so now I'm
not running tickets by country resolving
resolving the compound yes yes so it's a
content content and identity resolution
so resolving who has watched and
resolving wherever which changes right
so my laptop right now is here and has a
set of addresses and an hour enjoy was
elsewhere and had a different set of a
cup disc and now the network has to be
updated at this and so if people want to
retrieve possible they have to get where
of us and the network to them as we
haven't regressives deals is only going
to get worse with the internet things as
the bike small boxes right here is what
you're for routing where you don't know
who have what sounds like an private
information
yeah like who always actually requesting
this thing how are they making out
across no but also i'm not at all mixed
the huge model can't actually beat me
with more private day typically it's uh
yeah but I actually I should be driving
in fact some pretty sure there's a way
to not have to have that isn't what what
we mean by faster if we want fast to not
hit the back button like that's going to
be really hard with crap scripture day
depending on what you what so this this
wasn't how much work with them upfront
in terms of building knowledge of what
other peers were around you and how much
you trust on what you're going to the
other so but yeah there actually are a
lot of tht like things that are much
more prized observing I don't think
anyone have been definitely yet there it
was but yeah would be cool to you might
notice that I had at the very beginning
I was very pleased through the lab it's
this stack normally got no no no this
deck so this is a set of sort of
technologies that in a sense roughly
correlate with our sect in that this
routing them exchanging a biga there's
modeling together there's TV haven't you
learned about you and there's actual web
content and moving around applications
entirely so the rebar don't have
neighborhoods it's just 20 being able to
find each other and not hold on tight
Robin is a little bit of that if there's
a final children but right now is about
content and this is swallow so like I
was saying you can have the HD but
replace it with something else if you
write so and you might actually have
multiple random systems so instead of
just using one you might have a note or
both
to use different lighting systems
depending on the plaza near accident or
depending on network you might actually
have a an organization that has its own
writing system or you might have a data
center that has its rudder system just
be a single Catholic file with all the
columns because I'm super fast and like
right away yet one way to our vegas and
so that's total to a possible and
it should be plug and so what you want
to do is is make sure that everything
else can work with a slayer that's gets
well so one of the finest interfaces
very carefully where our exchange thing
is a stock which is a generalized
victorians type of thing that it's going
to make it possible to pour agents to do
more interesting things that just if we
wrap and rather do more expressive
notions of transactions so fear here but
those transactions might actually
express Oh actually gave you some
cryptocurrencies so I'm going to wait
before I sell you something until some
transaction happens or you know I'm
microtransaction channel times up
overview no backstory think I can expend
that but that's like a whole topic
itself you never actually know cool so
yeah this everything this is really
about the way we started profit the nays
and then layer and all these other
pieces ideally we never would have had
the public's right is what just happened
course but the world is not that nice
and so we have to scope them up and
we're starting with a condemning a
salvage t but we're going to move to
something better in the future yeah any
person to this
where'd you go out what are you guys set
examples examples cool demo done click
on academic or like walk out on examples
yeah demo sir hold on okay get aboard so
for today see this before so here have I
with us right so Damon your partner gets
here yeah I moved a little and fun so
maybe it's possible to see Justin yeah
so for now the main positive reason is a
command line tool that you brought
locally but the future will have
JavaScript that you can run directly on
browser you can invent I professor
library into your application so you
don't need to use it as a separate fine
right but for now this is where the
simplest way to use it and you can think
of it kind of like it and so to give you
lot make a little bit yeah have a lots
of that goodbye so when you initialize
never new generation be better perhaps I
say mmm tasty and you are greeted by a
smashing success you have some character
d this is the hash republic eat and you
can pull out some fire and so if you run
this command this is my absolute joy
this was at least in 7th Kingdom aha
great Russian because we want to be able
to evolve our caches so we used to have
a 800 colorful cash so you see this one
we use no problem cash that just has a
very game a code for function then the
size of the edge of my desk
hostages and the reasoning here is that
we need to move from yeah Charles was
already broken and I used here as an
example something you want to select
round but it's a loofah shot too then
you can use them safely in your system
and know that anything sure you cover
all right so you don't tie yourself to
chachi so there's a table than we have
in you yeah so there's just like ten
tables there yes a qm so when you do
take but hex well and then move it to
base 58 you get ql all rights not just
the 12 it's also the length yeah so
here's how this can be tool probably
have so I go who into multitask and this
is me it's this thing I can encoded into
packs so that's the heck happened so i
can say now 10 and then i got leaves us
by length maybe i want to put it q6 fix
the shop revisit and the reason for
doing that is that yeah you have these
two hashes in there the same length like
actually knowing that this is a factory
that's been clips is relieved I am on a
mission brief he can for example shop
256 well yeah you use in the ground
patience because those terms 16 then
they'll realize my fault is a stirred in
some architectures so somebody will be
like and switch it and will not marketed
properly and then suddenly caches won't
match for two new combinations of things
people freak out is it because people
didn't clarify in a having thoughts what
the
backup option these degenerate cackles
so this is also problem because people
assume the length of the hatchets right
so everybody is written again tool will
assume that a git commit has a specific
sha-1 value and will generally lo the
poor things that have if it explains it
40 40 nights I stop it so breath for
that and so get what you change from
Taiwan 256 today they would live in 160
or break constables which is okay right
so this is why we use this one I'm
similar formal home I called home
theater and you can guess what it does
if we show the peers that we have here
which I appear to be working what's up
smaller a little bit you can see that
there's a movie ever that's ever met
before gives me a good rest is be the
port and then I because per ball and the
ID in them part of the book here is the
venue can become properly transport or
nothing because if you want to add
support for me p lucky to be able to be
it becomes just fill in to the fur ball
and then specify different address that
it's just slightly taller because it's
presently in it looks like if you want
to give you a retired an ipv6 address
and that's it and nobody nothing else
you can do that I just drop a class
apart so how do i be appointed to reach
you references on in that case I think
so if your audition only have any beats
expressive good they will have a good
day over something else so then they
could really lose with it yet so there's
relays or here there is your real 80
it's not shipped a little bit it's their
cook works that is a big thing to have
happen we want to do it in a way that we
can select who's related and have some
way instead of ice
leaving that would be ideal weight it is
so you have that I didn't realize there
are 35 part of the point here is that
necessarily in the network you will have
noticed that can stick to each other so
for example a note inside of a browser
tab will probably not be watch
because your watch is calling I remember
running over to see or website or
running an HTTP server it's actually
they might in the future but like not
implement and your browser is not going
to be able to play diabetes of it you
have to only do web sockets order where
is so they can actually talk directly we
have to wrap up on this or if you got
something that's not connected over
Bluetooth right so the Internet has many
different metals quick do it with it and
then router protocols unlevel fabulous
vessels which means ambulant which yes
which means he's with them and so one of
the things that I said depending on how
everything is done you can have a system
where people have to find themselves
really is it in order to be reached by
have to set some stuff etiquette relays
versus black dick telling everyone you
will get really people start we want to
do that because some people will be
running out of us knows that don't want
to store data and don't love it here and
so we have to find a way where it's
possible for really comment but it's not
mandated amazing material but you're
asian go so anyway this is the number of
quick I haven't right now my I passed
out I sort of additions that it is
running a couple servers here and he's
also talking to other notes and so this
is the list of meds it's a nice to
ensure you like what you like it so this
is like what it looks like it might be
kind
there's not anything yet another I'm
getting too much no it's that's active
so this is like immaculate of my own
earth and you notice an entire website
so it is closer than a hash which means
it the whole directly tonight whatever
and we brought a page that should work
what it was lisa says the company in the
URL is your peers yeah yes I notice the
eugenics is a g6 I think what happened
was in my co-host oh no we're didn't
have any character that's impossible oh
I don't have anything this was cashed
this is Colonel square with me you'll
see I'll go back online and imma put it
up via and first time will be slow so
great about message anything oh I may
not even right now all right back here
in the water so it's organic so I gotta
go do something cool so if you live in
right after each other just out of
curiousity house from straps and success
our final now I'm going to go to this UI
it's going to take a while to load so
so now not loaded it now it's here on
this note so we can verify that
hatched and say yeah give us show me on
press that this happen to this quizzing
map so it hasn't even gone all them look
like are you do officer what is clear is
what is like good now it's okay so it is
not like a super fast like connemara
protecting Lyle it's Pablo's very good
lesson ok cool so now how about a thing
here so now I do this connector run and
refreshing let's go to say happen it's
going good refresh page I kind of work
right work yellow people's over time
have a good rest what happened there is
that other people may have a Khan
Academy and so receipt holos income so
that is a running website on I give us
delivered through the know we're going
offline Oh in this case you have
everything with relative path because
gonna hold us talk to or the phone yes
yeah so the content that's here is
either pointing to our actions which are
basically like darling when you get
relative pattern out of how honorable
bankers river that we have if you link
all the things mmm bringing a hatch hose
to brasa no no we solve it ah so it is
either business one of us are here yep
so this
right now a hack to make so no that's
running in my night having super HD
cable okay so do you ride it into the B
sludge than the hash of the websites
less than half all right let's list some
other hedge right so you can actually
exchanged with for gateway this is not a
remote imagine it's not a have access to
a little company yeah so this is like
get loaded the assets it doesn't
absolutely gastric doesn't remain but
this is a different okay so this is a
problem game we never run so that for
example if I were to add comment here
say like what I go through I been to
move I think that's had so I kind of
hash and then cat out so that food and I
can go to the local host yay / / ash I
get food so now here is like a gateway
dr us oh because this is quite different
Webster hurt who's going to use IP
festive finding muscle machine then
without refund oh that was fast so what
does got into the time is your know
you're going down so there was some
realignment or no so it either found a
way to are possible than that or it
might have already affected have a good
lucky more likely is it so the open yet
surely you see week we try a median and
maybe if you look at hopes and we do a
little bit of smart addressing where we
this whole thing of reusing the disease
board like we should created a nightmare
of us homes but that it means I've only
got a lab the piling out let's aim for
today which meaning that other people
can I Austin right there so it's going
to my definition one punch bowl on top
so that's not guarantee it's all right
but it's a vendre my coat yeah mystical
a truly so if the not here wasn't a
number NP and it was like a Jew mad yeah
he was as a matter of map where there
was no punch as possible then you have
to then and if you weren't a two-day
what is just like and we can smell like
that aw sweet it'll be castigated I
don't miss a trick here I got another
yeah i mean is resulting like random
actually so this is what's gonna hack
around and literally right I couldn't
have it so one questions the entries
that website does it to the raw edge in
JavaScript or do you just like on two
files does it do the writing in traffic
White House um what do you mean can you
open this website again please first one
surgeon will do the other one the book
basically just look so no matter why
you're out don't let anything to pass
may be wrong in life I'm evolving in
decline sighs rancho those pads are
retreat i'm a professional content from
the note and the note is figuring out
work to get out but once you're at
garden has it so if you link it on the
left side ins menu yeah okay i can you
use as matches yeah that's mean we could
get away with
structure raining cats and you can
actually inspect like the so this is
like this is like that's not actually no
yellow gate is there it does matter
there's what that it's pretty bad yeah
it does yes it does we draw the place
here it's a well structured what setting
so that's a looting you just made
presumably somebody's made two before
actually I was probably already out man
new boy some analysts oh well no no
let's just say this so that's a common
object it's in your footnote on your
laptop then your broadcasting to the DHD
you Hector so where the bulb right now
we do that later on as the ability to
specify Kundalini do not walk to
remember so there's three layers this
one x but not leaders but there's three
main ticker one is do you care to keep
the closet you want to hit Robley what
else and when you catching me at it like
that a time right now when i added it
does so when do this for us standpoint
if I specifically had something and
probably right if I look at something
how about a plausible deniability so it
to your place for the full content of
other people so yeah we all start
anything anything except w had requested
but every day do but you are they
related so you might be related
encrypted track that you don't look at
you captured it so you're acting like
I'm drowning in a regular so you really
only hope because we don't want people
to be pulling out that they request
because that is a closely are putting
themselves up as a service okay i am a
file hosting service please deposit your
policy and get like if that's a
different feel that i'm browsing the web
it's time for our web I don't want to
store like evil stuff right we're evil
stuff is applying with different
jurisdictions across the world so
excited you're not before your some good
PIR right so let's go George I'll go and
get a job outside have a similar as
basic thing slacker a mindless crap show
you the graph he does that comes out
Donna so doesn't that make it come in or
crucial knowledge is right now he's a
personal item at that says cable was
prompted create objects have it in them
and block number so funny but prob pass
the devil kind that I haven't I'm going
so I hope taylor street names care about
you can't really you have it what you
can't believe you care about whether you
advertise addresses ever can do all to
florida other the achievements already
only story right now is a short so the
one here you only use a PhD to do right
okay so right about somebody requested
eventually ends up that you're
matches it also started yeah novice to
mean how to the process know what kind
of content the fires are is this toward
like miss packages per yeah I can make
sure that the axle rod and make sure
let's I want a very also to you Adam is
going to you having this the content
inside some kind of so a package of my
object is a plumbing a man so I think if
it happens like polymethyl lovable and
sports documents to a collage stuff all
right Giga mins of P silicon and it does
a whole bunch sun rays the minute you
get off it doesn't want to thank so I
guess as well doesn't what stuff but
it's not there make sure you like a raw
so here's who everyone needs to we're
Reverend a Zaun normally Spurlock wow
you can actually get that those are all
just fulfill it doesn't know what to
move did I mean this get just text um so
so in this case what happened is it when
is all this object this de nada so right
now we're kind of blessing they going to
test a trucker a little bit and saying
that we're gonna what we find this test
a test or four objects we're going to
keep that the assignment we're ready yup
try rather it as it needs to be rendered
pain it is a file that is made up of
different notes we're gonna dump out all
the days a nice to kind of it I can do
it happens but this extra sauce gonna
clip out and i'll need a penis haha ok
so this local know you're running it
delivers on the energy content to the
browser yes all right let me go gwenlyn
so delivers
p headers but it is not it strips all of
us yeah how does it depend again become
the pensa so the cop is going to be true
wait additionally type of thing but for
now like this instructor excited us work
where he knows what commissions so do
you do this when you're a boy oh this is
all about it guess again when you add
actually yeah so when you guys has added
instruction to a bad man in Jamel pious
men say things it 200 so 20 then my son
yeah the content so so the night for
Roger to graduation because he so that
is done with my sniffing on the on the
price I'm not in HD server side so just
because I wasn't yeah no no like they
may look I think my sniffers look at
about it and they look at a comment and
see oh ok back here you go they usually
look at the post couple of clients and
there is joy back into easy Mullins have
a couple magical time so you don't even
need to look at the whole piece of
justice so do you have a lot that's
right choice but very that basically
there's this image here that if we like
look at it it's just like nice really
big image of pretty great but we I give
us a less on that we see that it has
sunlight so what is it be like look at
us so so fine object can link to other
stuff in it and if you this is probably
not going to work within the navigator
hitters he died but what you can do is
you can screw it up so I biggest passion
say like a snap is hash which I'm sad
way back but I am you get it
and I can hit like Batman and then okay
okay come on Alexa don't freak out
friday much go fun yeah so let me do
something slightly oh let's say that I
do and now three times now so if I then
this is I've invest doing this segment
AVP which so when we add judge it
experience or size of China so we have
her jumping around these are also
configurable I mean if each my can have
all the links so this with it yes so
we'd like to be shown as a comment cell
and can also link to other things right
so you can request the actual pig attack
so this would be a fish get paralyzed so
video i passed more realism us this is a
lot less say objects get on this thing
so show me just makes coupon and some
many other tells it but it's they should
be cuddled this is the unix ms structure
yet yeah so when you can't that thing
has like no use that's aware a man that
says oh yes my son cool i'll concatenate
all pieces can you spoil a little up
from the earth inspire yes so it's time
we are that's the links ok they point to
different hashes yeah and what is the
name tap the name is nothing i mean
obviously is your real name in the
biggest paddock box so you can see the
name would be used in the directory for
having the names of this over and you're
running every object in this better
forward based on this case yes we're
going to switch to hash yes we're going
to
move to run fair beijing-based okay
don't worry I don't know absolutely high
school name is determined / 20 yes so
but loses at what they're too big for
that what are some useless they have to
do that for you are sick users they got
from your outfits appear at trashing yes
I get super fast i'm really really good
um a long time ago like basically pretty
bad baby's ears we might more stellar
today we have SS a million things come
up with this thing called LTFS the
little bit house which you wrote it was
really knowing that the networking stuff
and what it did was that if you've
rather fingerprint if you chunk files in
another way Carson it was sick and tired
of arson he thinks it's too slippery you
were saying that uses actual content
based fingerprinting of the finest up to
determine changes so if i run it over
bomb now and then i make some edits and
run our cloud again most of the funds
will be preserved because it's it's
chunking based on the data itself it's
what arsenic is we do our thing is doing
silly romantic event like fixed size
roll with it and rather than every day
is like a variable size thing that
depend in the confidence with much more
later what is that the lb said he'll be
less random everything what an
improvement upon Mars yeah all right you
can I do like Africa up his image
because I have a place it right there
where you have these from batteries
different nights but the majority that
officers are API you are a TI ya he's
right under made a lot of good things
good night this is like wanna come he
didn't use it to turn it that was it I
don't think cool I want to try and wrap
the
tree pulling it down by cable black
holes i have it okay i tried them
forever all right mate was in today I
think it will be like pretty massive
house let's explore it could be over the
baby yeah so to take as a base or try to
Christmas damage the GOI dien images
like this big description of mappings
between IP addresses little issues so
you can do my job agent this is
basically have to do this part of like
finding work with large we use a grp
database and instead of doing a rig
myself with rows of network and be
getting a response right guy chris is
like let's just put it on us and so he
took the entire database maybe it
environment that's not mexican really
big tree and then a detective so when
your note price to find something it
happily it's the right path and then
attention that and that'll prove the
adult so if you you subscription
person doing this then he would look at
your feet and from that turn the pass
through the trees and then professional
object and then gather most so it's a
way of doing database queries roots of
the object would contend with asian
dinner yeah so the point here is I'm
getting a reception open right i just
put it into our box beat I mean we saw
like how impossible etching website so
yeah it's because they're less peers oh
yeah if there would be more peers would
it be faster very well now st. Angelo
there's a month of chunking like it's a
massive set of objects response of
little pieces and people have been
finding the might take a little longer
but you can obviate a lot of this by
being smart when you like construct a
graph let's say all of these authorship
are going together and so when you find
out kitchen you know all the things that
i picture your uncle tell you every
website like what let's it 20 files
[Music]
that's the amount of peers having this
object would make awesome yeah so I
Peterson scanner late so they wouldn't
just let go five from this distance what
we know the HD writer so unless those
people have this time so if you have a
website when you spray and you better
and a lot of other people cleared
website then yes because not walking
haha and then you were born from but it
only you yeah it'll fill in empty and
Hollow oh so this is a different set of
rules where I because governs how data
it's moved it gives you the policies
that you can use to move it inside out
of it move it for protection so on and
then the kind of our protocols I said
you can create a service that says we
are going to post your data for you just
give us one catches wanna slip in and
give us yeah right to this doesn't make
certain I capacities that has a separate
product all about okay right so Martha
is a way of doing a music rehearsal it's
a nice stretch and this is about yeah we
will do open that door ether yeah yeah
so you'll do the same kind of structure
where you would what people for making
remember me you okay there is really
learn more
I'm just got a warning finally I thought
you so ticked off so you can take the
video and look at it on the hose so this
is going to request it and it'll take a
bit of time to do it by Renteria
synhouse guy that's right it just
happens to be populated so there you go
this is Lex I felt this is clearly not
sustainable project that's me and
extremely nice and pulling it out of the
front as you wanted to but he goes to
seek and seeking is gonna yeah normal
sound like a driver screaming but why
not yes I do ya feel maybe they're a
Vegas then wonder what how big is that
the network is pretty small all right
now because the people running because
aside the way here so I could mess
assume command line and you got from
running out if you hadn't made it nice
easy to this the network varies from
like the low end 62 like everybody knows
even I go higher I know there are other
networks so their numbers that are
separate the bills on to our network
that run outlets so so I'd be were using
for some way some people build a YouTube
light plum thing and it's actually
pretty cool like upload video sort of an
idea house this is to gather from
and all the people out there's a lot
ever since the streets yeah yeah so you
can and I must have ever dated but it's
other player yeah it's pretty cool all
right I did you pay back hold on this
will open playback via player in Vegas
hey and sometimes I find and if you had
harassed the day you can also run video
through a website i put this this in
here it's a file this is mike / my idea
it is a website so it's like some pound
stretch so it's you know that's right
that will load whatever you pass it as
an argument hello so here is ok here's
what I'm this this was a just use the
media tech yeah and that's right a
personal recipe and it includes in its
own link object oh no it's just a well
if you touch it a little bit so it takes
the cash so the top is like I can make
it big so there's a URL happy by the way
how's ur you don't have to have answers
in me like you can actually have pretty
urls longest ever so yeah let's like see
something we like to know how he's going
out there to put ul's means having like
a nice name
over that points to content yeah so this
is mrs. Bowen Mexico which is based on
my tennis and so you can have suppose we
have a piece based right so you have
abilities suppose that you add to the
lab assistant to the DST an entry this
creates a mapping from one key value so
think of this kind of like a gate bridge
like saying master is that 03 ABCD or
I'm not very good and he have right so
you didn't create these records that can
take that pointer and dump it into the
dish and what the mapping news and
wrapping the half public key to that to
another pie and that'll about it and so
what happens is you can link like they
go with this and publish sorry looking
like my my local key so here it gives me
like my uncle ok do is pass that means
that i will create a record at points
from this one I'm reading it so this and
that one you do this so when I publish
name is that very much yeah people
request this is still hats with us alone
but we know when before across this
you're good at and if i create a new
mouth at once oops well think maybe
right shoe or something that they didn't
resolve up if you drag enemies needed
for mrs. and then i can find those
records like a private key so that they
could certify like a post really so
that's a pki biggest game on that new
layer three names which is you can do
with the NSA with any other name will
cover it so dns we have tech records so
but if i did because
so this is the hd2 to store located in
beautiful piece of trade this is a HC
there's just one BG you're putting I get
stuff and the piece locations yes ask a
sort of naive question I have a big
entertaining now my HT it seems like if
you have a really large number of pieces
like many times besides NMR change would
be publicly did talk like old engines to
publish that no you publish to a
constant number of innovative slay that
dragon I'll James you probably publisher
content workman's there are different so
you'll be posted with different so it is
about big enough number of objects it
seems like you should touch the page to
mentally so yes if you have a big number
of objects not a buckle you see only
directly so you can have a equal around
cable with this lock watch your welcome
wear ribbons and front unrideable you
start so if that routing tables Dana you
don't eat you sorbitol you don't really
somebody will find it as they walk
through that so you have a fixed know
that ID on your pocket yes the same when
you go here next destination after this
place so there's no no your address this
right now are you yes nice much good now
if you will also yeah this is sort of a
privacy you just yes why I'm saying the
issues and I'm impressed now what venue
insurances now you can do it HD where
you share awesome without messes and you
give it also read but if there's like
several pieces of content bit hopefully
you have
contents yeah so this is again something
you may not want about the past period
right like there may be there's gonna
you doing advertise but there are so
many people that have won't happen yeah
at least we tell people it's like go to
lose the hd's when you care about just
writing systems design price meaning
that when you're resolving query for
your doing so taking precedent so that
when you do it over you're not leaking
interesting you are and they're wasting
you don't you have a secret sharing
system so you can in handy as you're
doing right a system that is nice for
will be hard on it well your primitive
some ideas about a nutty idea so going
through the fool overdrive especially
for you having our fears and people say
something anything predict you can share
them network can't push away cash people
can't tell who senate resume and so the
next one the person looks like oh so
there was doing that's not like our main
focus or main focus to get things really
fast there are strong reasons for those
for those transferring systems and we do
care about building them but it's like I
it has to be done specifically
comparison it's really hard it's
incredibly difficult like kobani
implementation why's that design wise to
China okay taking this this is really
useful pregnant right now in the middle
in browsers there's ten thirty times
open and just being imprinted yourself
right now so you take a computer you go
to a cafe somewhere else
assassin oh I mean I did yeah yeah I
actually to offer a long time anymore
and so on I am no longer admits that you
can actually be house party unless you
work extremely hard right oh that is
really really disappoint me here because
I think that under disability is
absolutely essential and good way give
me the webos of this today so their
weight of people use it you today and
the way to today yesterday system all of
that in fact there's nothing you can't
get that system to give you tryna so
much work extremely hard mean it like we
from scratch like a computer is like
going to capacity like that's it you
don't want to touch anything else I
really am a long way to go but I think
when you are started with scratches
you're doing all right doing it this is
to title sort of that disease is to
titled given over systems I'm saying
this you go get current system so many
kinky ones but I think in every man in
this version lemesos okay this is
another bravely this can be better for
privacy depending on when is my play I'm
saying all of that all of those concerns
are safe dollars of racism that is the
only thing that week's information right
so you can just lays out of hard piece
with something else I have to take off
if you want to say something yeah
something important for us well we
should yeah coming for thickness as we
go about making what the new web for
these is really important to not a
fragmented so when the web was
originally created there were a whole
different eye protection for adults and
what made the web strong was the tim
berners-lee said no we're gonna have one
protocol and we're going to link them
all together and it's all going to be
nets like you're going to reach anyone
server is going to go to any other
server and if you want to run a
different vertical line not speak that's
cool too and like well we'll make space
for it and you have links that point to
different person but you did all this
work for make them happy and that's what
gave us a way by sitting where it is one
place that we can link to from anything
and so on as we go about making the new
sassette assistant it is important to
preserve that can we preserve the
ability from the curtain virus it is
that we allow to some degree big ability
to the old web my coat today when and
that all of these systems have a common
way of addressing things both in terms
of content and identity and that isn't
what's going to make all the tools be
able to interoperate in terms of the
being able to generate graphs of it
being replicated being able to like make
sense of the content all that sort of
stuff there's no need to like create
multiple different bridges of it we
should you in by that because that's
what with a lot all these systems to be
much stronger that's the important thing
to say cool nice any other questions you
guys wanted to say something like okay I
feel like I just like that things that
you would have known or like I did you
want to talk about your like dis record
ideas for sure which one of them anyone
ah I am prepared really I mean gonna
dated as you said like the cool thing
with with having like the data first
time actually late data store instead of
like using a database master
these mixes for like everything is
supposed to be wanting to do with it you
can like directly like roll your own I'm
like for the uid stuff it's basically
just like it's basically a sturdy tree
so we take your if you want to look it
up and take your IP address converting
that integer and then you get the root
node it has like two numbers like first
is like 0 or 1 I think in this case for
some reason and the bonus there's like
roughly around halfway of the available
IP space or the map epic IP space and
then like you see how is it larger than
this or not and then you pick a branch
you get a new node which also like has
multiple children you find the right one
and then you like recursion isn't
suddenly had end up with leaf which has
a day we want so like it's like a
JavaScript for this is just like a few
lines actually to get a look at this
structure yeah you can do like other
than you kind of you have to do a bit
more like kind of a bit awkward but I
mean I guess there will be libraries for
this as well but you can get like really
down with with cache data that you're
using and instead of abstracting away in
a database that this you usually don't
understand completely anyway oh yeah
that's it yeah it's pretty sweet like we
have the entire a few days but care of
me lyrics and I profess you know it's
just you're like one person that and
fine so normally databases are written
this way we're like your database is
going to be smart is gonna have
acclimated structure to lay out in this
that's going to do an access pattern
we're just taking that I'm putting
another one
the Lions spoil information about um so
that used to be called to that is called
like the repo yes it so we call it a
repo like every password so I because
guys every epoch on snowed has a request
rebel total cluster e of objects and
will some of those objects described
like pins and I like how sorry I'm glad
it so it's a directed graph so it's like
a tree but yeah cuz of the hatchets so
all nurple trees are are a bag where
points in one way yeah so Merkel tree is
really a misnomer in that is really a
bad but the reason it was called myrtle
trees because Merkel was using it to do
is really nice balanced thing with like
you have a hook the what he was doing
like a signature strike so he was
revealing like a path through through
the tree she was creating a hash we were
like like a binary balance half from you
I took it was revealing a path and so
that's where I'm good freestyle permit
but you can throw away the news gays or
that for this and say instead we're
going to use the nodes in between you
happy as well like it good does this get
is in retreat what is not a proper
Merkel pretty excited definitely seizure
yes nope so if you yep so when you do in
that case is it the node like wolf like
instead of having one massive objects
you will shark the note again no we
haven't uploaded a lift
we can is up difficult it's just a way
of specifying like keep looking in this
other place kind of like what across
this windows I fascism is also graph
it's just that it is on the disk yep so
you could like in fact now the chain is
available I could go and import the
entire chain into IVF a so make it
accessible yeah yeah cool so yeah so on
every you could run a script that like
to support it or like it and if you're
in doubt that receives the latest lost
I'm just a poor something oh yeah yeah
yeah cool sweet nice thanks that's good
[Applause]
feel like a board that order both of you
terribly singing Xena these are fine for
this is a million times